Add database setup instructions to README (#89)
18F/federal-grant-reporting: README.md

cd single-audit
pipenv shell
pipenv install
```

> You will also need to set up a local Postgres database that matches the configuration in `single-audit/single_audit/settings/development.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will also need to set up a local (PostgreSQL)[https://www.postgresql.org] ("Postgres") database and user that match the configuration in `single-audit/single_audit/settings/development.py`. (Alternately, you can create a local database and user and update the app's configuration to match.)
```

> First, create a new Postgres database from the commandline:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, create a new Postgres database from the command line:
```

```bash

> createdb FGR_LOCAL_DB -U {existing database user role}

Reviewer: Can you explain `{existing database user role}`?

```

Then, once you are logged into the FGR_LOCAL_DB Postgres database:

```SQL
CREATE USER fgr_local_user;
\password fgr_local_user;
{enter the password defined in development.py}
```

At this point, if you try running the project locally, you may see a message like: "You have 17 unapplied migration(s)..."

Apply these migrations to your local database:

```bash
python manage.py migrate --settings=single_audit.settings.development
```

> Run the project locally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can start the project locally:
```
